I'm experimenting
with a new serum.
It'll you heal incrementally,
you might even feel enhanced
adrenalin, enhanced strength.
But any more than this,
your heart could explode.
I made as many bullets
as I could.
Please use them sparingly.
Violet: Sunshine unit,
are you there?
Axel: Is that you, Violet?
Axel.
This is not a secure line, do
not tell me where you're going.
Do not tell anyone.
I'll find you.
One other thing,
there's some orange powder
floating around out there.
And you got to avoid it
at all costs.
Julius: I haven't seen the sun
this much in years.
It makes me nervous.
Axel: Eh, beats clouds
of Agent Orange.
Lima beans.
Please tell me that's not all
we got left in here.
Just 'cause this thing's magic
don't make it fool proof.
Trust me, it's working better
than this sorry ass bag of food.
More lima beans.
Axel, Vi's counting on us.
We're gonna find her.
It'll let us know if we make
a wrong move.
[woman screaming
in the distance]
The hell?
[woman screaming
in the distance]
[snarling sounds
from a distance]
[distant screams]
No!
Well, that ain't right.
Let me go!
[snarling and growling]
Outnumbered, fighting blind,
the vamps still seem scared.
What is that about?
Well, look, we can't just
charge in,
between the stitches and not
being able to heal anymore.
Maybe used to stop us.
[fighting grunts]
Get off of me!
[gunshot]
[groans]
Oh, buddy.
Oh, shit.
Oh, he got me good.
He got me good.
Are you sure about that?
Remember what Doc said.
Too much and...
[makes explosion sound]
Just a sip.
Get this      thing
off me, now!
Hey, hey. Easy now, easy now.
I got ya, I got ya. I got ya.
Come on,
let's get you up.
[gasping]
There you go.
[screeches]
She's a vampire!
[groans]
[screeches]
Nina?
Julius?
Julius.
Julius!
[laughing]
♪
[laughing maniacally]
Come here.
You know her?
Yeah, yeah.
Her name's Nina.
She was- look, she was really
important to me.
What's that supposed to mean?
It means...
Are you out of your mind?
She's not coming with!
Look, Violet can change
her back.
You saw what she just did
to those two vampires.
That was with a bag on her head.
But she pulled me out
of the gutter once, literally.
Axel, I have to do the same
for her.
I have to.
We don't know how far Vi is.
What happens if vampire Nina
gets hungry along the way?
You fought the hunger
when you were one.
Oh, so what is this?
A 12-step program,
I'm gonna be her sponsor?
That's-
Jesus Christ!
My ears were burning.
So you were a vampire too, huh?
Once upon a time.
For half a sec.
You must have come across
Vanessa Van Helsing.
Not like her story
hasn't gotten around.
Come with us. Before
he changes his mind.
Hey, hey, I never agreed
to anything.
The road ahead is dangerous
and with Nina...
She can help us.
You're going east
beyond the wall?
That's none of your concern.
[laughs]
The vampire territory
you're gonna head through,
they will feast on a full-headed
pretty boy like you.
[laughs]
What was going on over here?
Why were you getting jumped
by your own kind?
Short story?
I disrespected their leader.
That's it?
Nothing else?
What guarantee do we have
that you won't try
and kill us the first
chance you get?
You on your own?
As soon as I could.
Julius... I'd never cross
my baby.
Axel, please.
Please.
You better know
what you're doing.
Who did you become, Julius?
The prize fighter
or the bottom feeder?
I became the fighter.
♪
♪ Under the moon
I saw you  ♪
♪ So soon you'll take me. ♪
♪ Up in your arms
too late to beg you  ♪
♪ or cancel it though... ♪
You're a vampire!
So are you.
We're not the same,
bottom feeder.
You're just gonna leave him
like that?
To turn?
They say rock and roll
never dies.
Prove them wrong.
[grunting]
[choking sounds]
When was the last time
you hunted?
Not gutter rats.
I mean real prey.
It's been a long time.
I forgot.
[sirens wailing]
Police.
We gotta run.
They have weapons.
We are weapons!
[sirens wailing]
What's your problem?
Big guy like you shouldn't
be afraid of nobody.
Let me show you
what you've forgotten.
I don't even know your name.
Where are you going?
Dinner and a movie.
♪
♪ Under blue moon
I saw you  ♪
♪ So soon you'll take me  ♪
♪ Up in your arms... ♪
Julius: Oh, I missed the taste
of healthy blood.
Nina: Mmmhmm.
Julius: It's a...
Nina: Sweeter?
[chuckles]
What happened to you,
bottom feeder?
I used to hunt
with my own pack.
We were ghosts in the night.
Town to town,
kill who we liked,
recruited the worthy and poof,
gone before sunrise.
Why did you stop?
My own kind turned
against me.
You wanna take back
your power and live like me,
don't you?
I can feel the ambition pulsing
in your veins.
The hunger.
That rush you desire,
it's yours for the taking.
No, I can't.
I have to go back.
To what?
The shadows?
[laughs]
When we can hunt without fear,
bathed in light.
[laughs]
I'm not like you.
You wanna live on the knife's
edge as badly as I do.
Life and death
and every heartbeat.
That danger, sinking its teeth
into you.
What're you doing to me?
Opening your eyes.
Carpe noctus.
Seize the night.
With me.
You.
You're Nina Morgan.
Was I?
Yeah, I remember.
I watched all your films.
You were so-
So what?
Naive?
No.
Beautiful.
And good.
That woman up there
is a fantasy.
An empty, vulnerable lie.
The men who pulled my strings
wanted me to be.
I was like you, too.
Julius Romanski, the boxer, but-
but not the boxer
that I wanted to be.
Not in the end.
They made you a loser.
Nightmares only end
if you wake up.
[whispers]
Carpe noctus.
Tango's close.
We're on the move.
[sighs]
Shit.
So you actually did it.
You built a new brood and seized
the night without me.
Yeah.
Yeah, I did.
But it wasn't much of a life.
Well...
All this time I thought
you were dead.
Why would you think
I was dead?
I don't know.
What about you?
I tried to build an empire,
rule my own territory,
but sometimes a gal just
can't catch a break.
Together, though,
we coulda run it all.
We need to move.
I have to feed.
Even if there wasn't
an orange storm, no.
I wasn't asking.
Do it!
-Hey.
-It ain't gonna happen.
Look, we can't move right now,
not with that toxic cloud
up there, ok?
Please, Nina.
Look, can you hold off
for just a bit?
Sooner or later I will have
to feed.
You can try me.
You're not gonna like it.
What is that thing?
Still none of your
goddamn business.
It's leading you to something
beyond the wall.
Or someone.
Ok, you know what?
Reunion's over.
Get out! Now!
Hey! Hey, what're you doing?
She's asking too many
goddamn questions
and she's not answering
any of mine.
It's 'cause she already answered
our questions.
Your trust issues
aren't my problem.
What's your angle?
Why tag along?
I like the company.
Bullshit.
And frankly, I don't care.
Out! Now!
She stays.
End of discussion.
That cloud you're avoiding?
It's gonna take two hours
to move on
and we're right at the edge of
the vampire territory
I was telling you about.
Staying here is suicide.
But... I know where you can
find shelter.
We're running low.
There's vehicles on each side
of the main building.
Alright, I'll go left.
You and Nina go right.
Hey, hey, hey.
Come here.
Watch your back.
It'll be fine.
Trust me.
Well, looks like it's just
you and... me.
Nina?
Oh boy.
Nina!
[choking sounds]
[feeding sounds]
Nina!
Don't you dare call me
a bottom feeder.
You tricked us into coming here
for shelter so you could feed.
Two birds, one stone.
I need strength to protect you,
don't I?
Axel's not gonna like this.
Oh, Julius.
Always a lap dog,
never the master.
Hey!
I am my own man,
always have been!
Yeah?
How's mama?
Mama: What did you do?
What is this?
Julius: It's a proper meal,
mama.
I'm sorry it took so long
but it's healthy, clean blood.
Have you not learned
from your mistakes?
We don't take the humans
that people will miss.
No, mama.
Not anymore.
We have nobody to protect us.
Dmitri cast us off
because of you
and now there's a vampire hunter
chasing us all.
We're only alive because
we've stayed in the shadows.
That time is over.
For both of us.
It's time that we return
to the old ways.
Bah!
The old ways are gone!
You stupid, stupid child!
Hit him again,
you lose your arm.
Who are you?
Get away from me!
Mama, this is Nina.
She's different.
She lived a life of strife
and struggle like we did.
But not anymore.
Now, I am the night.
[scoffs]
You are a fool.
Child, you can't-
He's not a child!
He is Julius.
I will not be spoken
to like this.
Least of all by her!
Mama, please.
She wants to build
a new territory.
An empire.
With me.
No!
She will bring death
to our door.
Don't you understand?
I do.
Your fear is his burden.
[snaps neck]
It doesn't have to be.
Julius?
If you follow her
she will get you killed.
Don't make me beg, Julius.
If you leave what will happen
to me?
I gave you life.
Mama.
I will die without you!
You're better off.
We're better off.
You don't get it.
She's all I got.
You've got me now.
And I promise I will never lie
to you.
So listen to what I'm saying.
We've shared so much
in such a short time.
I snapped you out
of a nightmare.
I know.
I know, but she's my mama.
And a vampire.
When the hunger takes hold
she will feed without you.
She will learn to fend
for herself.
Guilt is a human emotion.
It serves no purpose now.
Let it die so you can be
the vampire I know you can be.
Tomorrow at midnight.
I'll wait for you
where we first met.
And if you come to me
we will be together forever.
If not, then I'll know you can't
let go of the past.
What do you say, sweetheart?
Are you going to be
the lucky one?
Breakfast of champions.
You're getting twitchy
in your old age, Axel.
[glass smashes]
[gunfire]
Son of a bitch!
You're starting to piss me off!
Tango one is pinned down.
Move into flank.
[explosion]
Dammit, where are you?
[gunfire]
All hell's breaking loose.
[door opens]
We gotta go right      now!
We got a team of soldiers
gunning for us.
Well, ain't that a kick
in the head?
I hitched a ride
with wanted men.
Wait a second,
how did you know there was
fresh blood here?
This is your territory,
isn't it?
Get that out of my face
before I kill you!
I told you we couldn't
trust her.
Your selfish bullshit,
let 'em catch right up to us.
I know this looks bad
but there's no way
she could have known
we were being tracked.
What difference does it make?
They're here now!
Probably sent by
President Dark One.
And we have nowhere to go.
[pounding]
Give us the vampire and you can
walk away from this!
They want her?
Where'd she go?
You have 30 seconds to comply.
Time's up!
-Spare her, kill them.
-10-4.
[beeping]
Gonna breach!
[explosion]
[gunfire]
Duck!
Down!
[explosion]
Fall back!
[gunfire]
Keep the gun on this one.
You got it.
It's not gonna take them long
to regroup.
Axel?
You gotta be kidding me.
A vampire Delta Force.
Goddamn apocalypse.
Those orange bullets hurt,
don't they?
Tell you what.
I'll end your pain,
you tell me who sent you.
[growls]
Take it easy, Axel.
She came back for us,
didn't she?
She came back because I have
the keys to the SUV.
Maybe I wanted to know more
about the magic orange bullets.
Yeah, I got one of those magic
orange bullets
for you right here.
Axel.
You wanted us to think
they were after us.
Then you killed that vamp
before it could talk.
Why?
So it wouldn't unravel
your bullshit?
Julius?
Back your friend off.
Or I will.
Nina, what do you know?
Hey.
You swore you'd never
lie to me.
You said it yourself.
The Dark One has control
of the military.
What does she want with you?
[mimics] What does she want
with you?
[laughs]
We're on a mission to kill her.
With Vanessa Van Helsing.
Enough.
[cocks gun]
Ok!
Point made.
I know things about
the Dark One.
That's vague as     .
You think I'm gonna give
anything up
just because you asked?
It's the only leverage I've got.
Maybe we lend each other a hand
with this little predicament
and then maybe I talk.
Look, there is a lot of them
out there.
Maybe it is better
if we work together.
Although we need a plan
to fight those goons.
Maybe we just give them
what they want.
Nina: Help!
Help!
Don't kill me!
Don't kill me.
Take me to the Dark One.
I can help her.
Where are the humans?
You think I did this to myself?
They betrayed me!
Ran for their lives!
[gunshot]
What the hell is this?
The Dark One will
no longer tolerate
your shifting loyalties.
Look, she invited me to see her,
I shouldn't have said no
but I know things now
that I didn't know then.
Aren't you listening to me?
Take me to see her!
Take the shot.
Easy.
What're you doing?
They could kill her.
She's talked her way
out of worse before.
Let's see what she has
to say.
You think you're
just gonna kill me?
You have no idea
what you're up against.
I have my orders.
[gasps]
From the Oracle.
It's you, isn't it?
I will have your head.
No, no, no, no, no!
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
You see? Now the fast
talking begins.
Wait. I have something you need.
Something- something that the
Dark One is really gonna want.
Lies. Lies.
You can no longer escape
our master's wrath
with your empty promises.
You fled rather
than answer her call.
No! No!
I- I was on my way when
a bunch of our own kind,
they- they jumped me!
They jumped me, I swear!
Those who have refused
her invitation
have all come
to the same fate.
Alright, that's enough.
Just do it.
Please!
Please don't do this!
It's the humans,
I can- I can-
[cries out]
[gunshot]
[gunshots]
What the hell were you
waiting for?!
The truth for a change.
[gunshots]
Axel.
You're the humans
she spoke of.
Yeah, ain't life a bitch?
Only a matter of time before
I kill the young Van Helsing.
You cannot defeat us.
I wouldn't be so sure
about that.
I will force her to do things
you could barely imagine.
Just like I made your
girlfriend Scarlett
sacrifice herself...
for nothing.
[gunshots]
Then we need each other
more than ever.
You were gonna give us up.
We're nothing to you but decoys.
You got me all wrong.
I was lying to them
to buy time.
I am so done
with your bullshit.
Harm me and you'll never
find out
what I know about
the Dark One.
How can you not see her
for what she really is?
What's this hold
she's got on you?
I make my own decisions, Axel.
-Really?
-Yeah.
Ok, well here's one.
I'm leaving,
she's not.
Choose!
Axel, wait a minute.
Axel!
Axel, hold on!
Just wait a second!
Were you really gonna do that?
Turn me over
like I was nothing?
Come on, baby.
Answer the question.
Never.
I'm telling you the truth.
Then what's this secret you know
about the Dark One?
'Cause if you can't
give me that...
She's gathering the brood
leaders for something.
Something big.
Oh, yeah?
You told me you failed
to build your empire.
This territory?
Axel was right all along.
The vampire you warned us about
is you, isn't it?
Don't you see what's happening?
The Dark One's forces tried to
kill me when I refused to meet.
My brood was slaughtered.
But I escaped...
like I always do.
Because I'm a survivor.
Were you lying then
or are you lying now?
What?
Now, you're better than me?
A human, working
for the Van Helsing?
Trying to kill everything
you once were.
Everything I still am.
You want me dead.
Say it.
No.
I want you back.
Human.
Oh, Julius.
You've forgotten who you were.
Remember how it felt,
you and me?
This world could have
been ours.
It still can be.
It's not too late.
Carpe noctus.
Forever.
No!
[coughing]
What are you... why aren't
you turning?
I can't turn back again,
even if I wanted to.
The curse of the Van Helsing.
No. No, no, hey.
It's a gift.
And she can give it to you, too.
Let me make it up
for letting you go.
I can help you be the woman
you were before all of this.
You don't know anything
about the woman I was!
I saw you.
-No.
-Yeah.
I saw who you were.
Nina, you deserve
a second chance.
A second chance
to seize the day.
This is my second chance.
I was never that girl
in the pictures.
I cheated and lied my way
into the movies.
When people said they'd kill
for roles like those, I did.
I killed to get what I wanted.
I embraced the dark
long before I ever stepped
into the spotlight.
Long before I ever became...
this.
All these years wondering
what could have been for what?
You should have died
that night.
What night?
You knew what I was walking
into that night?
You knew?
You knew?!
We'll head east tonight.
New city, new life.
Just you and me.
I didn't wanna say goodbye
but you left me no choice.
And it's pulling me apart.
You're staying.
For her.
I have to.
Then you're dead to me.
Julius!
Shh!
Where have you been?
-Shhh!
-Don't you shush me!
We have to go, now!
A Van Helsing.
[glass shatters]
That Nina, she blinded you.
This is my fault.
I should have listened to you.
No, I knew you'd come back.
Nobody loves a boy
like his mama.
[gate opens]
We need to go now!
I know you have it.
Have what?
You're smart enough to have
figured out what that compass is
and where it leads.
I'm not gonna ask twice.
I'm gonna bring this to her
to bargain for Julius's life.
With all of her power
maybe she can change him back.
And then we can be together
like it was meant to be.
You want him to be happy,
don't you?
All you care about is
saving your own skin.
Julius can't see that,
but you ain't fooling me.
By the way, you are
a shitty actress.
[laughs]
You remind me of a co-star
I once had.
Always liked to play
brave soldiers.
Always liked to get handsy
off camera.
You never forget
your first kill.
[laughs]
Last chance.
I never back down.
I figured.
♪ Under blue moon
I saw you, ♪
♪ So soon you'll take me, ♪
♪ Up in your arms too late
to beg you or cancel it, ♪
♪ Though I know it must
be the killing time, ♪
♪ Unwillingly mine ♪
You made it quick, right?
♪ Up against your will, ♪
♪ Through the thick
and thin, ♪
♪ He will wait until, ♪
♪ You give yourself to him ♪
♪